		instarections to use allibAM
after you install the foulder in cmd go to file path and in cmd type 'pip install -r requirements.txt' and wait to install the back with we need.

in 'to_me' you can send a maessage to me;
	just you need to Enter your text in 'tometext' and Done.

in 'dont_click' and 'dont_click_2' and 'dont_click_1' please DONT click on them they are seuret files.

in 'sound' it will play a beep sound:
	just you need to Enter how long you want to play in milsec and frecanc of your beep in 'frecanc'.

in 'play_sond' it will play the song in the same path as your file is:
	just Enter your file name in 'filename'

in 'soundviros' it is same as 'sound' but this time it will reppet it forever!!!

in 'dolartotoman' you Enter the aud(Australian doler) and it will give you the tomman(monny of IRAN):
	Just Enter aud in 'audoler' and Done.

in 'fileboomberv' it will mack file forever:
	just Enter the name of your file in 'name' and format of your file without . in 'format_without_dot' and file sise 1000 = 1mb in 'filesise'.

in 'foldermacker' it will mack folder forever:
	just Enter How many folder you want in 'numberoffolders' and name of your folder in 'name'.

in 'ip_get_with_tele' you can get the ip and host_name and send it to your telegram bot:
	first you need to talk to botfather and at a API/token of your bot and put it in 'bottoken' and to get the your chatid go to 1 bot and type startcand put your chatid in 'chatid'
	botfather link = https://t.me/BotFather
	chatid geter link = https://t.me/useridinfobot

in 'sleep' you can sleep your app for How much you want:
	just Enter Hoe mech you want to your app sleep in 'sleeptime'

in 'rand' you can Enter to numbers and it will randomly chose 1 for you:
	just Enter number1 in 'number1' and number 2 in 'number2'

in 'filemacker' if is same as 'fileboomberv' but this time you can add How mach and the path of your file

in 'aboutmeandmylib' I talk a littell about me and this alllibAM

in 'aboutyou' you can send your massage to me

in 'STARTcmdnotpad' it will start cmd and Nodepad How mach you want.

in 'cmdWrite' you can use you cmd text in your app

in 'startCMD' it is same as 'STARTcmdnotpad' but this time only cmd

in 'StartNotepad' it is same as 'STARTcmdnotpad' but this time only Notepad

in 'startcmdnotpadviros' it is same as 'STARTcmdnotpad' but this time forever

in 'rockpaper' it is a rock paper... game:
	just Enter alllibAM in 'username1' and python_lib in 'password2' and your name in 'name' and injoy your game

in 'lockmouseandkebourdviros' you can lock your mouse and keybourd lock and type only your text!!!dont try it!!!

in 'lockmouse' it is same as 'lockmouseandkebourdviros' but this time only mouse

in 'lockkebourd' it is same as 'lockmouseandkebourdviros' but this time only keybourd

in 'errortab' it will open error tab howmach you want

in 'errortabviros' it  is same as 'errortab' but this time forever

in 'talkingbot' you just Enter the text and pc will talk

in 'senmacker' you just Enter your info and it will make a sen to you

in 'spamerbox' it will write you the text you want How mach you want

'telesend' is only for me

in 'cls' it will clear you screen

in 'Delete' it will Delete 1 file you want, just Enter the path of your file wich you want to Delete

in 'Deletewithformat' it is same as 'Delete' but this time it Delete not by path it Delete with file format in each drive

'certificate' is only for me

in 'filesaver' if save a txt file in what text and wear you like

in'pass_word_list_macker' it will mack a password list

in 'site_ip' it will give the ip of site

in 'teb_opener' it will open the new tab what you sayed




